This is the make directory for the EXPERIMENTAL hipo_DD timing dsp code. 

Currently these 
dsps are extremely similar to the dsps for hipo_blue and hipo_red, except that
the waveforms voltages are systematically different. The two e2v deep depletion
chips in use are identical, so there is no point in having  blue and red sets
of code.

The makefile in this directory makes tim.lod and tim_dsp.h with 'make', as well as by-product .cln and .cld files. tim_dsp.h is an output include file, a bit 
deprecated, giving addresses of selected dsp symbols to include in C builds.
There is also a clean target to allow remake.

The makefile can be modified by changing the macro WAVEDEF to set INT_TIM, 
SI_DELAY, and R_DELAY. You must select among the following choices:

INT_TIM             SI_DELAY            R_DELAY
                    80
04                  82                  00
08                  84                  08
18                  85
18                  
47                  
6D
92

 

These are literal strings and are quoted, and exactly as above. Do not use a
leading 0x. The macro 
definitions used are INTTIM_SETTING, SIDELAY_SETTING, and RDELAY_SETTING.

The makefile can also be modified by changing the macro DWEEBDEF to set the 
delay parameter for mitigation on SDWBE's- current choices are

SDWB_DELAY
00
50

These are approximate delay lengths in msec- 00 is no mitigation.


It's also possible to make a family of dsps with the script makealldsps, 
included in this directory. This is done by first setting the environment
variables INT_TIM SI_DELAY SDWB and RDELAY to lists where each word is a 
desired choice for the corresponding make variable, such as

setenv INT_TIM "04 08 8C"
setenv SDWB "50"

For hipo_DD it's required that RDELAY and SDELAY be single words. Once these 
variables are set then enter this directory and do a makealldsps. All 
combinations of the words in these variables will be made and placed in files
appropriately named as tim.0xii_0xss.lod where ii and ss are the INT_TIM and
SI_DELAY values respectively. These .lod files will be placed in this 
directory; it's up to the user to move them anywhere else. Prior to each make a 
make clean is performed, and one more make clean at the end. A side effect of
this is that pre-existing tim.lod and other target and intermediate files
in this directory will be lost. The Makefile and other source files will not
be touched, even temporarily.

The tim.lod files made by makealldsps are -not- removed by 'make clean'.
